---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

For this group project done for class, I have worked extensively with my fellow group members in learning how web extensions work and are used, and what we could do to create on of our own. With my teammates, I have went through Firefox's tutorial example web extensions and how to effectively use GitHub so that we could start creating our own web extension based off of these. Even though we are not finished with creating said extension, we have already thought of what our goals are for it and created a base Git repository based on Extension 2 from the Firefox tutorials. 

From working together as a group, I have learned just how important regular communication is while working on the project itself. We worked on the first 5 parts of the assignment in the library together, and on many occasions we talked with each other if we were stuck at any step or had any problems/questions. In addition, outside of the library, we also used Slack to chat with one another. Without such methods or tools, everything would be much harder to organize and do, as the lack of communication would cause problems to occur if everyone wasn't on the same page.

I've learned some more basics of JavaScript by researching browser extensions, as the majority of them are coded in that language. Although I am by no means familiar with it yet, I have a sense of understanding when I read JavaScript code and am currently aiming to learn more about the language to assist me in any ventures I would like to carry out with that language, as JavaScript has a multitude of useful applications. 

About the projects done by other groups, my favorite project was probably the mockbob extension, since I've always loved internet memes and that extension basically speaks to me. It is funny, and has uses for anyone looking to quickly conjure a fresh deep-fired meme from an image or text online.
