---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

Unfortunately, I was not able to attend class on Monday due to external circumstances, so I was not able to complete the project evaluation during class. However, for the project that I had worked on alongside my teammates, the experience has let me learn how to effectively communicate with other through online platforms, and watch for each other's weaknesses and strengths. The most challenging part of this project was the creation of how the extension would work, as I am not very familiar with Javascript. Fortunately, one of my group members was familiar with the language, so he helped the other two of us learn and understand how to edit and create our wanted extension. 

On Kevin P. Fleming's invited talk on Wednesday, I learned about how open source affects and is crucial to modern society and businesses. I was surprised to learn about how important Bloomberg was to many people's everyday lives, which was shown when Mr. Fleming showed a rather funny picture illustrating how someone mentioned that they understood how millenials felt about social media being down after Bloomberg was down for a short amount of time. This talk changed my views on the relationship between open-source projects and large companies, as in the past I had thought that large companies did not use open-source and only used in-house projects and software. 

For contributions, I have recently edited two Wikipedia articles, which can be seen on my Contributions page. I had first edited a page on the iDOLM@STER franchise, and added an extra tidbit of info relating to a mobile game. Afterwards, I updated some outdated information on the Super Robot Wars franchise page.
