---
layout: post
title: Week 1 Open Source Software
---

Open source software is a field that I have always been interested in, as it is very unique in how it can evolve based on the various users and programmers involved with it. An enourmous amount of online and system tools are open-source, in which anyone is able to edit and contribute to the programs. Wikipedia is one such famous example of an open-source project.

When it comes to open-source, due to the fact that anyone is able to edit and contribute to the project, it can serve as a double-edged sword. On the positive side, unexpected talent might take interest in the project and help it improve massively, and sometimes the pure number of people working on it can progress it at a speed faster than the majority of closed source projects in companies. However, this also means that edits and contributions will need to be monitored closely, as there will possibly be people looking to ruin or grief the project. In addition, with closed source projects, the people working on it will likely be much more familiar with the project and also each other, allowing for better teamwork and easier fixes of bugs.

I decided to register for this course because I have always been interested in understanding Open Source Software. I use it in my everyday life, and it would be great if I could contribute to various projects. Plus, doing so would look good on my resume, solidifying my registration for this class. 

Four open source projects that I regularly use are Wikipedia, PCSX2, FireFox, and GIMP. Wiipedia is probably the most well-known project of this list, as it is used by basically everyone who has a computer. It is a massive resource of information collected and contributed by millions of people all over the world. PCSX2 is a PlayStation 2 emulator for PC. The PS2 is a very old console with games that are nowadays difficult to access, but with PCSX2 it is possible to play such games on a modern computer, which I sometimes do. The emulator is mainly worked on by a team of developers, but others can also contribute to it via their Github. FireFox is an internet web browser that is open source. While nowadays I mainly use Google Chrome, FireFox still has its own advantages over the Chrome browser and is something that my parents still use the most. GIMP is a free image editor that can serve as an alternative to expensive software such as Adobe Photoshop. I use it regularly whenever I need to edit or enhance any images.
